one of the first experiments that a lot
of us are introduced to surface tension
is is actually floating a paperclip on
the surface with these sites and
demonstrations it's always mentioned
that you want to gently place these
these objects on the back but we want to
also define as what does that meant what
is meant quantitatively by by gently the
research that I'm currently working on
we're interested in the interaction of
hydrophobic particles with water surface
if we introduce the hydrophobic B just
above the surface and we release it on
the surface as it impacts it deforms the
surface and even if the bead is heavier
than the surface won't necessarily
penetrate through but because of the
surface tension effect it can actually
rebound completely off the surface so
rather than being captured or just
sinking directly through the surface and
we can have some some rebound phenomena
that occurs and if we drop the sphere
hard enough which we impact with a high
enough velocity it will actually
penetrate completely through the surface
and will ultimately sink to the bottom
so we're interested in this region where
the surface tension prevents us from
penetrating through the surface one of
the other things that people have become
interested in this type of work is what
are walking insects for instance water
walking insects they have hydrophobic
legs which prevent them from penetrating
through the or sinking through the
surface one of the observations recently
is how they leap they completely detach
and leap off the surface some
researchers have built biomimetic robots
that that travel on interfaces that
could be used for things like
environmental monitoring and that sort
of thing the one thing we're trying to
extend more broadly beyond this
particular project is what's the kind of
framework we can understand these
dynamic interactions as well and so
we're starting with this this relatively
simple model system to build up our
understanding and our intuition before
moving to more complicated more
complicated systems
you